SSF RX onboarding (#5540)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/client-secret-rotation-key/main/index.md

* Access to client secret management APIs: `/api/v1/apps/{appId}/credentials/secrets` and JWKS management `/api/v1/apps/{appId}/credentials/jwks`. See [Application Client Auth Credentials](/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/ApplicationSSOCredentialOAuth2ClientAuth/).
* An existing OpenID Connect client app in Okta for testing in Okta
[Postman client](https://www.getpostman.com/downloads/) to test requests. See [Get Started with the Okta APIs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/rest/) for information on setting up Postman.

> * The [Client Secret Rotation and Key Management Postman Collection](https://www.postman.com/devdocsteam/workspace/developer-docs-postman-collections/collection/6141897-2cc824d1-a4d2-4a13-8460-988a8f834f5e) that allows you to test the API calls that are described in this guide. Click the ellipse buttons next to the collection name in the left panel. Click **More** > **Export**, and then click **Export JSON**. You can then import the collection into your Postman Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The [Client Secret Rotation and Key Management Postman Collection](https://www.postman.com/devdocsteam/workspace/developer-docs-postman-collections/collection/6141897-2cc824d1-a4d2-4a13-8460-988a8f834f5e) that allows you to test the API calls that are described in this guide. Click the ellipses button next to the collection name in the left panel. Click **More** > **Export**, and then click **Export JSON**. You can then import the collection into your Postman Workspace.
```
